README.md, before:

# Embedded-Erlang-Simulation
A library, simulators and demo applications for simulating hardware on erlang

## Introduction
The project is based on a thesis conducted at Chalmers Univeristy of Technology under ssupervison of Erlang Solutions. The goal of the project is to develop simulators for device drivers and to create and describe a good design/test/work flow for developing on Erlang Embedded.

Testing code on hardware frequently is inconvenient, takes time and only possible if you have access to the hardware. By simulating simple devices like serial, buttons, leds, GPS, etc we aim to prove that we can create a better development environment. A work flow will be created to describe how to work with Erlang Embedded with simulators and the current development environment will be improved by adding convenient scripts to, for example, deploy code to hardware. The idea is that you should be able to switch between hardware and simulated mode without having to change the code, just by changing an environmental variable and providing any neccesary config files.

Our thesis is related to Erlang Embedded which is based on two other thesis projects conducted at Erlang Solutions by four students from Uppsala University, see http://embedded-erlang.org/. Erlang embedded provides a linux distro and an erlang release which is tailored for embedded hardware, and the Beagle Board in specific. We continue on their work and use their release and the same hardware.

## Examples
see `lib/serial_demo/serial_demo.erl`

## Contribute
If you find any issues with Erlang-Embedded-Simulation or have any comments please [create and issue] [1]

[1]: https://github.com/EmbeddedErlang/Embedded-Erlang-Simulation/issues "Erlang-Embedded-Simulation issues"

Commit message:

correct spelling errors, adding links and licenses section

README.md, after:

# Embedded-Erlang-Simulation
A library, simulators and demo applications for simulating hardware on erlang

## Introduction
The project is based on a thesis conducted at Chalmers Univeristy of Technology under supervison of Erlang Solutions. The goal of the project is to develop simulators for device drivers and to create and describe a good design/test/work flow for developing on Erlang Embedded.

Testing code on hardware frequently is inconvenient, takes time and only possible if you have access to the hardware. By simulating simple devices like serial, buttons, leds, GPS, etc we aim to prove that we can create a better development environment. A work flow will be created to describe how to work with Erlang Embedded with simulators and the current development environment will be improved by adding convenient scripts to, for example, deploy code to hardware. The idea is that you should be able to switch between hardware and simulated mode without having to change the code, just by changing an environmental variable and providing any neccesary config files.

Our thesis is related to Erlang Embedded which is based on two other thesis projects conducted at Erlang Solutions by four students from Uppsala University, see [http://embedded-erlang.org/] [2]. Erlang embedded provides a linux distro and an erlang release which is tailored for embedded hardware, and the Beagle Board in specific. We continue on their work and use their release and the same hardware.

## Examples
See `lib/serial_demo/serial_demo.erl`

## Contribute
If you find any issues with Erlang-Embedded-Simulation or have any comments please [create and issue] [1]

## Licenses
Erlang-Embedded-Simulation exists under different open-source licenses. The libs serial_demo and embedded_sim will be licensed ASAP.

### erlang-serial
Copyright (c) 1996, 1999 Johan Bevemyr
Copyright (c) 2007, 2009 Tony Garnock-Jones

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

### serial-demo
TBD

### embedded-sim
TBD

[1]: https://github.com/EmbeddedErlang/Embedded-Erlang-Simulation/issues "Erlang-Embedded-Simulation issues"

[2]: http://embedded-erlang.org/ "Erlang-Embedded webpage"
